Set engine env from containers.conf (#2457)
containers/buildah: docs/buildah.md

Print the version

## Environment Variables

> Buildah can set up environment variables from env of [engine] table in containers.conf. These variables can be overridden by passing  environment variables before the `buildah` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buildah can set up environment variables from the env entry in the [engine] table in the containers.conf(5). These variables can be overridden by passing environment variables before the `buildah` commands.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you add `containers.conf(5)` to the bottom of this file please?
